me
Today is the Faculty of Agriculture 3rd year Otani
It is to listen to engineering department two years, and introduce the facilities of our Fuchu campus from now on
I think that want to go
The middle campus is surrounded by rich greenery and has an advanced education and research environment
The scenery seen from here looks like the university very much, isn't it?
I also realized that I became a university student when I entered
me
In that room we are growing genetically modified plants a
It is the head of
This is
I see it's a cigarette
This is a gene experiment facility, and it is also possible to use cutting edge gene analysis trees and genetic modification experiments
It is the facility where the laboratory was maintained
I can do advanced experiments and I am open to other universities and companies.
Yeah yeah yeah
There are farms and newcomers in 8 places in the Kanto area near the Fes Center, and they are used for student and teacher practice research
I am
The farm located on the campus has a size of about 1.5 Tokyo Domes.
The agricultural department where a farm is attached to the campus site is rare in the whole country .
We There are AUMA
It is an equestrian club
I'm getting good results even at tournaments etc.
Also, such as how the only without ales and physical condition management is are you a student
Let's go to the plant factory next time
This is a plant factory
Formula is reproduced in the facility and can harvest fruits all year round
A research facility that aims to realize a fruit plant model
It is a typical facility that is practicing rich friendship, right?
Here let's go Let's animal industry center
Let's take a look
We offer various flowers such as floor not in animal medicine center
We perform advanced medical treatment by specialized teacher of the field
I also do student training
The number of animals to medical care to the year I is a 7000 head